Chapter 1
CW for rape, forced ageplay, kidnapping, and forced breeding

Day 37. You think. 

Truthfully, you don't know how long you've been here. You estimate based on when they let you have a break to sleep that a day has passed, but this room has no windows. No place for real light to shine through. And if you could walk out the single exit, you would have weeks ago. 

What this room does have, however, is a lot of pink. Like, a LOT. It's decorated the way a 6 year old girl would decorate it. The walls are a light, pale pink. The shelves all over the walls, holding all manner of dolls and stuffed animals, are white. Your least-favorite thing in the world, the perverted "crib" (the only thing they let you sleep in), is brighter pink than the walls. But still pink. You've taken to sleeping with one of the stuffed animals (or "stuffies" as you're forced to call them) every night, just for company. That, and you've noticed that, whenever you bend to their will and act like a child, they treat you better the next day. 

You're currently sat in the onesie that was laid out for you at the beginning of the day, on the large playmat in the middle of the room. Your outfits are always chosen for you. You wake up naked every morning, with your only option for clothing hanging off of the crib. You don't know how they manage this, you're a light sleeper, but you stopped trying to solve any mysteries on day 23. The one piece of clothing that you never lose is currently chafing your neck. You grimace and slide a finger underneath the band of your cutesy pink collar, unsticking it from your skin and giving your neck a chance to breathe. The chain it's attached to rattles heavily where it attaches to the hardpoint in the wall. You gave up trying to rip it out of the wall on day 15. 

You sigh, and return to your "duties". The camera in the corner blinks its unfeeling red light, and you know that they're watching. You pick up one of the baby dolls on the floor in front of you, along with a fake bottle, and pretend to feed the baby. You coo at it with childish words, going through the motions like you do every single day. This is another one of those things that you've noticed that they reward you for. You get actually hot meals if you cooperate, warmer clothes, and one day you could've sworn your collar was just a little looser. Not loose enough to escape, but loose enough to swallow without feeling it constrict your diaphragm. 

The familiar nausea, right in the pit of your stomach, begins to rise, and you know that it's approaching midday. Or at least, what you call midday. It's the worst part of your day, but you've learned to get it over quickly. The few times you tried to avoid your fate, it meant nothing in the end, and you were punished the next day. You stopped trying to fight it on day 17, when you woke up and found that they refused you clothes the next day. The feeling of that cold, soulless camera lens peering at your exposed skin still makes you shudder. 

Sure enough, your internal clock was spot-on. The doorknob twists and the plain, white door swings open. Someone you don't recognize is there, but that's nothing new. It's a different man every time. But they all share the same hungry look, teeth bared in a malicious grin and eyes glued to anything but your face. You set the doll down and swallow nervously. Despite doing this three dozen times, you still hate this part. 

This man doesn't waste any time. He's on you in an instant, tearing at your delicate onesie. Tears well up in your eyes as his rough hands grope and molest every part of your body, leaving slight soreness in their wake from the fervency of his movements. You stare at the ceiling and try to dissociate, hoping that would help make this easier for you, but it doesn't work. It never does. You can never quite escape your body, even as he peels the fabric off of your delicate skin. 

His cock is out, because of course it is. He presses it against your lips, and you purse them shut on reflex. You don't want that filthy thing anywhere near you. But then the camera sounds a warning beep. Instantly, your mouth drops open. You know that beep. You hate that beep. You'll never disobey it again, not after last time. You still feel the bruises they left from weeks ago, when you first ignored the warning beep. 

The man thrusts his cock into your mouth. You hate the taste, but you suck obediently and run your tongue over every inch of him that you can reach. You hope to suck the cum out of him so he doesn't have the chance to rape you, but you're not so lucky. He humps your face with reckless abandon for only a minute or so before tearing himself away from your lips. He lifts your legs up high above your head and plunges his cock into you in one, smooth motion. The tears fall freely now as you lay there, listening to the grunts and moans of this repulsive individual helping himself to your most sacred place. 

It isn't long before he does the same thing that every other man does. He moans and slams himself into you, falling an inch and a half short of your cervix. He floods you with his cum, and you try not to shudder from the feeling. You once enjoyed creampies. Not anymore. You blink your tears away as the man finally gets up, pulling his shrinking cock out of you. You feel his cum drip out of your cunt, and you try not to vomit. 

Your hand slides up to your stomach, almost on reflex. You know their plan, now. You've known for weeks, since you started noticing the signs. Your period has stopped. Your stomach is starting to bulge slightly. The thought of what they've done to you makes bile rise in your throat. You let your hand drop to your side, and stare at the glow-in-the-dark star stickers on the ceiling. Day 37, done. 

Now, it's time to prepare for Day 38.



Chapter 2
CW for forced ageplay, rape, kidnapping, a d Stockholm syndrome

Day 70 or possibly 72 

You sit up in your crib, letting the stuffie that you slept with fall to the mattress and out of your arms. You blink the sleep out of your eyes and look around. You no longer are surprised anymore when you wake up and see the pink walls of your prison. You check the foot of your crib, and, sure enough, new clothes are laid out. Today's outfit is, apparently, a very fuzzy pink onesie. You slip into it and zip it up, ignoring the feeling of the soft fabric over your more sensitive parts. You haven't been allowed any underwear for most of your stay, but you long since stopped really caring about what day it was. You climb out of your crib and stand in the middle of the room. You face the camera, take a deep breath, and put on your best kiddo face for them. 

You grin and wave, looking every bit the part of a ditzy little girl. After a second, you hear a buzz, and the door opens. Brutus walks through holding a metal tray, with two pancakes and a glass of water on it. Lots of syrup, too. You must be impressing someone. "Thank you, Brutus!" you say sweetly, and he grunts his acknowledgement as he sets the tray down and leaves. You pick the plastic, dulled fork they let you eat with up and start eating your breakfast. 

His name isn't actually Brutus. In fact, you're the only one who calls him that. However, he's the only man you meet on a regular basis, and the only one you've met in the past six weeks who hasn't raped you. That alone has been enough to make you have a sort of fondness for him. Some part of your brain screams that it's Stockholm Syndrome, but you don't care anymore. You're not even sad, because, five days ago, you gave up on ever being free. 

Giving up has given you a kind of freedom. You don't start each day crying anymore. In fact, you haven't cried since you made your mind up. You plaster a fake smile and fake moans over yourself when they come to rape you, you show them what they want to see, do what they want you to do. It's not so bad, anymore. You haven't heard the warning beep in weeks, you haven't been beaten in over a month, and you haven't missed a meal in 6 days. These people control your life now, and that's an immutable fact. If you were going to be found, it would've happened by now. Your only hope for some semblance of a good life is to do what they want, forever. 

Speaking of which. You push the tray back toward the door, unzip your onesie, and let it fall around your ankles. You turn around and grip your crib, arching your back to show your holes off better to whoever comes through the door. It'll either be Brutus, or a client. If it's Brutus, well, he'll probably just ignore you. He usually does. That's what you love about him. If it's a client, you've found that this suggestive and dirty position serves two purposes. 1. It saves time. They don't have to tear your clothes off. 2. It saves you abuse. Sometimes, when you're clothed, clients want foreplay. If you're naked, and ready for them, they tend to get so worked up that they just jump you. Besides, this way, you don't have to see their faces. 

Right on time, the door opens. You don't turn around. You hear footsteps behind you, and you brace yourself. If it's Brutus, he'll take the tray and leave. If it's a client, you'll feel cock inside of you very soon, and then you just try not to be sick until it's over. Your fingers curl around the wood of the crib, and you feel a splinter dig into your hand. But you don't dare move. This is the best way to do things, and if you turn around it'll get worse. It always does. 

Sure enough, finally, you feel a cock press into your cunt. It's wet, a response your body has begun to thankfully develop. You're never dry anymore. You're wet when someone comes to rape you, so you don't tear anymore. The cock is bigger than what you're used to, so you moan on cue. You let him ram into your cervix over and over. You don't really feel it. You haven't cum in weeks, and you think that it might be impossible now. You think you might just be permanently broken. But you're damn good at pretending, so that's what you do as he rapes you. 

You're midway through a particularly lusty fake moans when you feel something you haven't felt in your entire stay: a mouth. It's on your clit. You gasp in surprise, and your legs shake. Suddenly, it's like your cunt comes back to life. You feel lightning bolts of pleasure shoot through your entire body, and you squeeze the cock inside of you as, for the first time in 70-some days, you cum. You let out a guttural moan and grind into the mouth between your legs, riding the entirety of your orgasm out. As your orgasm recedes, you whine, desperate for more. 

Your hand reflexively reaches between your legs and you bury your fingers in the soft, silken hair you find there. You moan from the texture more than anything else as the tongue at your clit slowly encircles and caresses it. A voice drifts into your ear, coming from the man currently stretching your cunt out. His mouth is at your neck. 

"Hey, kiddo. Do you like my wife's mouth? I do, too. She's great, isn't she? So soft, so warm. I bet she'll make you cum a dozen times before today ends. We'll be spending a long time together, you see. Better get used to how my cock feels in you." And as he speaks, he slightly adjusts his angle. Your pussy feels like it can feel good things again, it's incredible, and it's all due to this man's wife's mouth. But his cock feels like heaven now, and when it runs against your g-spot, your knees threaten to give out. You moan so loudly you can't hear your own heartbeat thudding in your chest, and you hold onto the crib for dear life as he begins truly fucking you. 

Your crib shakes and rattles and pounds against the wall as he assaults your cervix. The expert tongue between your legs is making you melt, and it's all you can do to stay standing as they force you through orgasm after orgasm. Finally, after what feels like hours, he pulls out of you. You gasp for air, barely holding onto the crib for support as the lovely mouth recedes from you as well. You catch your breath in heavy pants as you turn to greet the people who just turned your new world on its head. 

The man is tall and lean, with a meticulously-groomed salt-and-pepper beard. His face is hard, but the lines near his eyes betray a history of many smiles and laughs. His wife is, to put it mildly, a goddess. She's beautiful in every sense. Her brown hair cascades gently over her shoulders, and her green eyes are leveled directly at yours. Her smirk makes you feel as though you two are sharing a private joke, one only you are privy to. She licks your wetness off of her lips before she speaks. 

"My name is most definitely not Persephone, and his is not Orion. However, those are the only monikers you will receive for us. You want to impress us, dear." Her eyes look serious now, sincere in their instruction. "There are two ways today ends for you, and only one of them involves you sleeping in this room." 

Your mind begins to race. Leaving? You get to leave? Even if it's just going from one prison to another, it has to be better than this. At least you'll cum. At least you'll know the people raping you, and it'll be the same ones every time. Having made up your mind, you nod to them, and put on your best little girl voice when you reply. 

"Okay, Mrs. Persephone! I'll be a good girl, promise!" You give them a sweet smile and clasp your hands in front of you. The juxtaposition of your demure innocence against the perverse backdrop of your naked, spit-and-sweat covered body is surreal. Obviously, though, Persephone approves. She waves you forward and holds her hand out for you to take. You follow, and clasp her hand in yours. It's warm, and soft, and heavenly. You blush slightly without really knowing why. 

She guides you in front of Orion and pushes down on your shoulder. You reflexively kneel in front of his cock, and your mouth opens wide almost of its own accord. Persephone smiles. "Good girl! I can see they've trained you well." Orion softly cups your face in one rough, but gentle, hand, and slowly pushes the length of his cock past your lips. You don't break eye contact. You look right at him, blinking innocently, as inch after inch of his throbbing cock pushes into your throat. You've learned to hide your gags, because it turns off the men who rape you when you gag. They like it better when you relax your throat and take their entire length into you, holding your breath until they decide you can breathe again. You've only passed out once, and you're pretty sure that the guy who did it wanted that to happen. 

Orion moans softly as his balls finally tap your chin, every millimeter of his shaft buried in your mouth and throat. You hum around him, vibrating your mouth slightly. He smiles, stroking your hair. "That's a very, very good girl." Suddenly, he yanks his hips back until he's almost all the way out of your mouth, causing you to gasp at the sudden motion, before slamming himself deep into you again. Your eyes instantly water, and your throat spasms around him, but you still don't break eye contact. If he wants to fuck your throat, you'll sit there obediently and let him. Anything to secure your ticket out of here. 

Persephone sits behind you suddenly. You feel her angelic lips on your neck and you tremble as Orion continues raping your throat. You still don't look away or close your eyes, even when her soft hands wander your body, one cupping your breast while the other slips between your legs to deftly massage your clit. Your body starts spasming of its own accord, just from pure pleasure, but you force your eyes to stay locked on him and your head to stay still as he continually rams himself into your throat. He's moaning loudly now, and you know he's going to empty his hefty balls into your throat soon. 

You let the pleasure wash over you from Persephone's gentle ministrations, causing you to moan around Orion's cock. He gasps at the sudden sensation, and redoubles his speed and force as he rapes your throat. You know he's close, and you're confused at yourself for being excited at the prospect. You force your tongue out of your mouth to flick against his balls when he bottoms out in your throat. You want to cum, so badly, but you NEED to impress them. So, you fight it off, even as Persephone kisses and licks and sucks on your neck, as her hands work your body like an artist working clay. 

Finally, his hips slam home against your face and he lets out a low, gravelly moan as his cum shoots down your throat. You gently suck as best as you can without access to air, running your tongue over every inch of him. You gulp down what feels like gallons of his cum as his wife whispers encouragements in your ear. "You're doing so well, toy. Just a bit more. You can do that, right?" Her voice is an aphrodisiac, you swear. 

Finally, he pulls himself out of you. You cough and gasp for air until you finally fill your lungs, and then you melt into the woman behind you. She coos into your ear as she plays with you, and one word is repeated over and over. "Cum." You don't disappoint. Your body bucks and spasms and you almost scream with pleasure as you come to the orgasm you've been staunchly holding of for what feels like an age. You leave a puddle on the floor as you finally return to some semblance of normalcy, shaking and panting against Persephone's chest. She strokes your hair now as she whispers against your ear. "You did so well, toy. You're doing the right thing, cooperating like this." 

You nod slowly, trying to focus on her words through the haze of your last orgasm. You feel them gently pushing you so that you're bending over, with your face pressed against the floor. Your knees are still under you, and your ass is in the air. You don't have enough energy to resist, even if you wanted to. You content yourself with just breathing, trying to regain your composure. You assume he's probably going to fuck you some more, and so you relax your kegels to make things easier. 

But it's not your cunt you feel him press against. It's your asshole. Panic flares into your mind as multiple realizations hit you at once. First, there's no lube. Second, you're an anal virgin. For whatever reason, no clients ever took your ass. That's always been something you've been thankful for. But it seems that your luck has run out today, as he begins forcing his cock into you. You scream as you feel your asshole give way to his cock, and Persephone kneels next to your head. She pets your hair and rubs your back, murmuring words of comfort as her husband steals the last virginity you still possess. "You're okay, toy. It's not so bad. You'll get used to it eventually, and maybe someday it'll feel good! I promise you, the faster and harder you let him go, the sooner this will be over." 

You nod, tears streaming down your cheeks, as Orion jams the last of his length into you. You're guessing he's enjoying himself, from the grunts and moans coming from him, but you're in agony. You know you tore somewhere. Your only consolation is that you're now bleeding inside, and the blood lubricates his cock as he starts fully raping you. You sob into the carpet as Persephone spreads your ass wider for him. She tries to rub your clit at one point, but it doesn't help. You can't even feel the pleasure through the wall of pain radiating upward from your ruined asshole. You feel your vision go fuzzy, and suddenly, you black out. 

When you come to, you feel warmth spreading through your ass. You moan reflexively, arching your back against the pleasant feeling before the pain starts to set in. Your ass aches horribly, and tears roll freely down your face as Orion finishes cumming inside of your ruined asshole. Persephone leans down and kisses the top of your head. "Good girl," she whispers. "Congratulations. You passed." You feel cold sting as she presses a needle into your neck, and you start flailing on reflex to get her away from you, but it's too late. Whatever was in the syringe hits your bloodstream, and you sink into the murky depths of unconsciousness. Your last conscious thought rattles around in your brain while you sleep. 

Did I just escape one prison by walking into another?