CW for dykebreaking, rape, humiliation, and watersports (piss play)

It's been a good party, so far. Your best friend is flirting with some girl in the corner, they're probably going to go off and fuck somewhere. There's some guys here you don't know, but it's fine, really. You're fresh off your most recent relationship, and you're looking for a pretty blonde girl to rebound with. This isn't usually your style, but you really just need something to get out of the rut you've been in for the past two weeks. 

You sip at your drink, perusing the women in the crowd. Pretty much all of your friends, and all of their friends, are lesbians, so you know the odds are pretty good that most women here like women. There's just one problem: you're not into anyone here. Everyone who you think is hot is off limits, either because you know they're taken or because you've dated them at some point and you're not gonna go back there. That's the problem with LGBT friend groups, you think to yourself with chagrin, everyone ends up fucking everyone. 

You sigh and sip your drink. You spot your friend sneaking upstairs with the girl she met, and you roll your eyes. At least one of you is getting some. You decide to just chill out and drink, chat with people, and while away the night. You end up locked into a very engaging conversation with two girls you vaguely remember from a party last year, along with their roommate, some straight guy named Brian. 

Before you know it, hours have passed. Most people have trickled out of the party by now, but you haven't noticed. When the girls you're talking to make their excuses and leave, you look around for something to do and find that the room is almost completely empty. You blink in surprise. Well, that's strange. Oh well. You finish off your drink and stifle a yawn, realizing that it's probably time to sleep. You're glad this party is at your house so that you can just crash after. You push your door open and nudge it closed behind you. You change into some comfortable panties and a loose shirt and climb under the covers, passing out almost instantly. 

You wake up to the telltale click of your bedroom door locking. You bolt upright, and you're suddenly staring right into the eyes of a man you spent hours talking to earlier tonight: Brian. Your brow furrows in confusion. "Brian? Dude, get out, what the fuck?" 

He doesn't listen. In fact, he starts stepping closer to your bed. The adrenaline finally overrides your drowsiness and you scramble away from him, very on-edge now. "Seriously, get the fuck out!" 

He's on you in an instant. You don't know how he managed to move so fast, but he did. Your arms are crossed above your head and slammed into the headboard, held there with his one massive hand. He leans in close to your face. 

"I know what you need. It's the same thing all of the other dykes out there need. Just be quiet, and I'll fix you." His other hand starts pulling your panties down, and you open your mouth to scream. His hand slaps over your lips so hard that he effectively slaps you, and his grip on your arms tightens to the point where you're scared that he might break one. 

"Stop. Don't fucking scream. Don't move, don't yell, don't anything. I don't want to have to hurt you, but I will if I need to. Just let it happen, and it'll be over fast. Are we clear?" Blinking tears out of your eyes, you slowly nod. His hand slides off of your face and back to your panties. You screw your eyes shut as he tears them off, and you hear fabric rip. His hand is on you in an instant, prodding at your cunt and pushing its way inside. He grins, his teeth glinting in the moonlight coming through the window. 

"You're wet! See? I told you you needed this." Your mind is suddenly racing. Wet? Seriously? There's no way. You're terrified, you don't want to be raped. You've never even been with a guy, and he knows it! You said as much earlier tonight. You're so fucking scared, and yet. You feel it. There's a pool of wetness between your legs, and it's dripping down your ass and onto the sheets. You haven't been this wet in months. You look up at the ceiling and try to ignore what's happening as his rough, huge fingers squirm inside of you. He rubs against your g-spot at one point and your back arches, a low moan slipping out of your mouth before you can stop it. 

He laughs and rubs it again. "You dirty whore. You're loving this!" You're trying to pretend you aren't, but your cunt is throbbing and he can feel it. It's squeezing his fingers in a vice, and you're biting your lip to keep from moaning. He chuckles and takes his hand away, eliciting a whine from you as the stimulation leaves. He pats you on the head condescendingly and begins unzipping his jeans. 

"Now, now, slut. You'll get what you crave. Have patience." He releases your arms. You debate running for the door, but honestly, you don't think you'd make it. He's huge, and he takes up most of the space on the way to the door. Even if you managed to get by him, the door is locked. He'd be on you before you managed to unlock it. So you just lay still, and try not to be terrified when his erect cock springs out of his underwear. It's fucking huge. 

He sees your face go pale and laughs again. Fuck, that's such a cruel sound. "Like what you see, cunt? It'll be inside you soon." To emphasize his point, he climbs up onto the bed and smacks the head of his cock against your soaking-wet pussy. You bite down on your lip, hard, to keep from moaning. You reach behind you and grip the headboard so hard your knuckles pop as he starts pushing the head of his cock into you. 

You gasp as you feel the warm thickness of his head spreading you apart. You've never taken a strap nearly this big, and definitely not something so... Warm. Fuck, it feels so good. You don't want it to, but you can't help it. You finally lose all inhibition and let out a loud moan as the rest of his head slides into you. He wordlessly reaches down to caress your tits as he pushes more of his length into you, and you find yourself pushing against the headboard to force it deeper into you. It hurts, so badly. You're sure you're tearing. So why do you love it so fucking much? At one point, he stops moving, and so you push hard against the headboard and cram another inch into yourself all at once. You gasp at the pain, but he laughs and continues your momentum. "Good job, toy! So eager." 

You just moan again in response. You don't know how much more of his cock there is to take at this point, but you're aching to have it all inside of you. You can feel him approaching your cervix, but you don't care. You need him deeper. And deeper he goes, forcing inch after inch into you until, finally, you feel him shoved right up against your cervix. He feels it too, and stops moving. You moan happily and start grinding against him, enjoying the feeling as the head of his cock pushes your cervix up and down slightly with your motions. 

He takes the hint and starts fucking you, hard and fast. He slams into your cervix and your whole body shakes. It hurts, it hurts so badly, but you love it so much that you immediately begin cumming. He grins as he feels your orgasm begin, and grabs your hips to steady you. He doesn't stop moving. Your orgasm hits a crescendo, and never falls again. 

You cum for what feels like hours, but was probably only 20 minutes or so, and by the end you're brainless. You're moaning and panting and begging for more as his cock destroys your previously gold-star cunt. Maybe this was rape to start with, but it certainly isn't now. Suddenly, through your fugue, you feel hot warmth surging inside of you and you realize, with dread, that he's cumming inside of you. Your eyes fly open and you start to beg, but it's too late. You're already full. So you just bite your lip and enjoy what's left of the feeling as he empties his considerable balls inside of you. 

When you're full, he sighs and starts pulling back. You groan at the sudden emptiness, grabbing at him to keep him in you. He laughs once more. "Ah, you want more, huh? Fine. I'll give you more." 

A jet of warmth splashes into your cervix and you gasp, and then go pale. You realize what it is, even before it starts spilling out of you and onto your sheets. You begin to cry with humiliation as he fills your cunt with his piss. You feel your stomach swell slightly with the sheer volume of it, when he suddenly pulls out. He finishes his relief all over your body, coating you head to toe in piss as more of it bubbles out of your well-used cunt. You can't do anything about it, and you both know it, so you just sit there and sob. You feel your pussy getting wetter again and you dig your nails into your palms to make it stop. 

Brian finally finishes, flicking the last few drops onto your hair, before getting dressed. He unlocks the door, and turns to you. "You're welcome, slut, for showing you what you're missing." He opens the door wide as he leaves, and walks past your friend, who stares at your ruined, slimy, piss-soaked body with her jaw agape. It's at this moment that you break entirely and just begin sobbing into the pillows, and your friend scrambles to get you a towel. While she's gone, you can't fight it anymore, and you start rubbing your clit to the memory of the feeling of big, thick cock splitting you open. You don't think this will be your last time seeing Brian.