CW for rape, blood, and (for lack of a better descriptor) hole destruction

Thirty-two. A drop of sweat falls down your cheek. Thirty-three. Your fingers curl in a white-knuckle grip around a rubber handle. Thirty-four. You pull the handle, and the attached weights, up to your chin, and then slowly lower it back down. Thirty-five. With a deep exhale, you set the weight on the ground. You pick up your water bottle and take a zealous gulp, taking the time to look around the gym as you rest. 

It's a quiet day, today. No one else is even in the gym, that you can see. That's why you like going at this odd hour; no one is around. You don't have to wait in line for anything, you don't get judged by anyone for arbitrary bullshit, no Instagram models are taking pictures next to machines they've never touched in yoga pants that cost half your paycheck. Just you, your water bottle, and whatever you feel like using to break a sweat today. 

You slide your headphones out of your pocket and insert them in your ears, setting your bottle down. You walk up to the treadmills, set an easy pace, and start jogging. 

Twenty minutes later, you're deep in the zone. You don't even hear when the door of the gym opens. You don't see when an impossibly tall mass of muscle walks through it. You don't feel his heavy footfalls as he slowly approaches you. And so, you also don't notice when he crosses his arms and stares at your ass as it jiggles with every step. He stays there for over five minutes, just watching you, before he makes his decision. 

He knows this gym. He knows the owner. He knows that, although there are cameras mounted in every room, the owner is too cheap to pay for the DVR, which means the footage never gets stored. And with no employees on duty, there's no one watching the cameras. So he feels absolutely safe as he suddenly wraps his iron-like arms around your waist, hefts you bodily off the treadmill, and carries you a few feet away to some empty mats. 

The second he grabbed you, you were trying to slap and bite and pick and lucky to get him to drop you. Every impact strengthened his grip, though, until you were gasping for air as he squeezed every breath out of you. You were grateful when he finally threw you to the mat, and you take a great gasping lungful of air. 

It doesn't last long. You waste it on a shriek that pierces your eardrums as the man tears your nicest yoga pants off of your body. His cock is already out, you don't know when that happened. He's on top of you before the message even gets to your brain to run. You turn and try to crawl away, but you only succeed in presenting your ass to him. He takes advantage, bearing down on you and holding your hips down with one huge hand. With the other, he angles his cock toward your cunt, and shoves it into you. 

You feel like you're being split in half. It's way too big, and you're not wet at all. You sob loudly, and you hear your own voice in your ears: "Please, please god just leave me alone." He ignores you and continues destroying your fragile insides. You feel a trickle of blood run down your thighs as he violates you. 

You start to lose consciousness, and he slaps your ass to wake you up. Your sobbing never stops, and the pain doesn't, either. The minutes blur together, and you don't know how long you're there, having your cunt ruined forever by some stranger's cock. Suddenly, he pulls out, and you sigh in relief and the sudden lack of intense pressure. 

Your relief doesn't last long as he uses your own blood as lube to push his way into your ass. You squeal and try to push off of him, but he holds you with his iron grip and continues pushing. When he finally reaches deep enough inside of you to threaten to tear something important, you feel searing pain, and then your head thuds into the mat as you black out. 

You wake up some time later, you don't know how long. The stranger is gone. You can't feel your holes, but you can feel a breeze in them and you realize, with horror, that they must still be gaping open. You must have torn quite badly. You shakily get to your feet and stumble for your phone, hoping to get an ambulance called. When you unlock your phone, you turn pale and nearly drop it. There, on the screen, is a text with a picture of the face of your stranger. His sly grin is juxtaposed perfectly next to your bleeding, gaping, ruined asshole. He's giving a thumbs up, absurdly enough. The text reads three words: "See you soon."