CW for hypnosis, dehumanization, petplay, rape, and beastiality

You can't remember how you got here anymore. It's been so long, and the re-education process is thorough. The first clear, genuine memory you have is of waking up in a cage. You squint your eyes with effort as you try to recall. 

Your clothes were gone. You remember the feeling of cold concrete under your ass and feet as you sat up, hugging your knees to your chest. But, not totally naked. In even your earliest memory, the familiar weight of your collar was present on your neck. Back then, though, the leather was still fresh, and it chafed a bit. You pulled at it, trying to tease some slack into the leather so that you could be a bit more comfortable. The tag in the front rattled melodically, a sound as familiar to you now as your own breathing. Back then, it drove you insane. You remember one night you nearly cut your hands with how hard you pulled to get the tag off of your collar, but it refused to budge. Your name tag was there to stay, even years later, proclaiming to the world the only name you can now remember: Puppy. 

You remember that your trainer came to the side of your cage and crouched down, smiling at you. The thought of his cruel green eyes, hard as emerald, still makes your skin crawl. His voice, still ringing in your head like it was yesterday, grated on your ears like sandpaper then. "Good morning, Wags. Have we finally broken you? Good. It's time to train you." You smelled the smoke on his breath and almost gagged. It was pungent, and you couldn't place it. Later on you found out he grew, dried, and rolled his own tobacco for cigarettes. You found out because, a few months later, he made you roll them for him for two hours. With a vibrator attached to your clit. If you spilled a single leaf, he would whip your ass. You remember laying on your side that night, so that your bleeding ass didn't stain your meager bedsheets. 

Your training was horrible. You remember that much. It involved instructions, orders, and painful consequences for not following them. You were made to cum, over and over and over, until your clit burned and you were openly sobbing. It took days for you to get feeling back in the sensitive little nub. Then you were edged for days, weeks maybe, without being allowed to orgasm. You can't remember how many days you spent with every hour filled with stimulation. You were babbling nonsense by the end, offering your trainer money you didn't have, holes he didn't want, just so he would let you cum. He never did. At the end of your edging, he brought you right to an orgasm, just over the edge, and then took away all stimulation. You came, but it was so deeply unsatisfying and ruined that you would've rather he kept edging. Especially when he spanked your cunt afterward. 

Eventually, the training turned into developing skills. You were forced to service every trainer in the building with your mouth, every day, and you'd only be fed once you'd sucked each and every one to completion. There were 15 trainers, and each one of them liked fucking your throat in their own special way. The worst part of it was, by the time you'd swallowed the semen of 15 men, you weren't even hungry enough to eat anymore. You were more nauseous than anything else, and the few times you gallantly tried to eat anyway, the sore, swollen muscles of your throat and mouth nearly caused you to choke to death on the first bite. You started sucking them off as your breakfast, knowing that they'd make you do it anyway, and so you may as well get something in your stomach for it. 

After the blowjob training came stretching training. You still wince at the memory of your ass and cunt being stretched so far the skin of each one grew white and taut. They were careful never to completely wreck either hole, slowly stretching you out over time. This meant that, by the end, you could stretch to take any cock, any even vaguely cock-shaped object, and still go back to your previous tightness by the next morning. It took months of careful, slow stretching and muscle development. 

Your final training came in the form of hypnosis. Every day you were strapped into a chair and a vibrator was attached to your clit. Another was inserted into your ass, and both were set to a rhythmic pulsing that also played through the speakers in the pitch-black room. On the wall was a projector screen, and you were shown hours upon hours of footage. At first, it was just footage of women being treated as pets; forced to eat from bowls, tails inserted in their asses, forced to walk only on all fours, the usual. But it got worse. You still vividly remember the day that a puppy player was tied on all fours, a gag in their mouth and cute ears strapped to their head, and the growing panic in their eyes as a hulking German shepherd was led to them. You remember your face burning with shame as you watched the dog rape her, her tears streaming down her face, because your pussy was drooling. By the time the dog knotted her and started filling her womb with his seed, you were sitting in a puddle of your own wetness, and you had cum on the vibrators twice. It got even better when the films featured bigger dogs, with impossibly huge knots, and eventually horses. 

When that final phase of your training was over, there was nothing left of your previous self. Not even reluctance. You were an eager puppy slut, ready for sale. And they did sell you. They sold you to a breeder, who was hoping to make more obedient puppies by breeding exceptionally well-behaved puppies together. 

And so, that's how you found yourself in your current predicament. You're strapped to a table on all fours, with your dripping cunt and tight ass presented to the entire room full of masked partygoers. Your collar jangles cutely as you work your mouth back and forth on the thick cock of the man in front of you, and he holds onto your doggy-ear headband as a makeshift handle. Behind you, a bull mastiff is being led to your cunt, and you can see his massive, veiny, throbbing cock sticking out at an angle from his hips. You drool around the cock in your mouth at the thought of being bred by such a handsome dog, and you don't have long to wait. 

The dog is lifted onto the table, where he immediately mounts you. He makes a few exploratory thrusts, trying to find you, before a kind partygoer reaches out to take his cock in their hand. They point it directly at your cunt, and the dog thrusts home. Half of his length is instantly buried in your soaked pussy, and you moan loudly around the cock in your mouth. The man in front of you scratches the dog behind the ears as the dog begins rutting you. His entire length is now working in and out of you, all except his knot. You're nearly stretched to your limit already, but you work your hips back against him, encouraging him. Suddenly, you feel intense pressure. Your pussy opens up to receive the knot, and you gasp around the cock in your mouth as the dog forces the remainder of his length into you. His tip is now shoved directly against your cervix, and, when he begins to cum, you moan as it starts to fill your womb. Just as the first spurt leaves his cock, the man in front of you almost roars in pleasure, and forces his cock all the way down your throat. 

You try to keep conscious as spurt after spurt shoots down directly into your esophagus, and your stomach slightly swells with the volume of cum being pumped into your cunt. An orgasm shakes your body as your brain starts to go fuzzy with lack of oxygen. Finally, blessedly, the dog is pulled free from your cunt, your inner walls reluctantly releasing the massive, swollen knot. The man in front of you gives you a pet on the head before pulling out of your throat, and you're left gasping, panting, and dripping cum and lubricant onto the table. You have just enough time to get your bearings before you see five naked, masked men approaching in front of you. Just there, in the back of the room, a door opens. A massive white stallion is led through the door, and you smile despite yourself. You're going to have a very good night, indeed.