CW: religious trauma, incest, rape

You've always been a good, churchgoing girl. Every Sunday, without fail, you wake up, shower, brush your teeth, brush and braid your hair, put on your best Sunday dress, and pile into the family car for Sunday mass. You just had your first boyfriend this year, and you're 18. You didn't date until your 18th birthday because that's what your dad said, and dad makes the rules. Even then, after six months, you still hadn't let your boyfriend go further than seeing you in your bra while you made out. He got frustrated and left you for some girl who sucked him off on the second date, but that's okay, because this is what God wants. Right? 

There's just one problem. 

You and your dad have always been close, or as close as can be expected. He's loving, he's responsible, but he's stern when he needs to be. Just like God tells him to be, and that's what he reminds you of every time he has to punish you for your wrongdoings. Your butt twinges in pain slightly as you remember the paddling you got for staying out past 11 with your boyfriend last month. Some people say that that's abuse, especially with you being an adult now, but you know it isn't. It's just your dad, showing you how to behave like he always has. 

Lately, though, you're not so sure. It all started a couple of months ago. Your dad forgot to knock before coming into the bathroom, and he caught you just after your shower. You had a towel on, but the only clean one you could find was technically more of a hair towel. It left very little to the imagination, and you saw him blush furiously as he slammed the door shut and stumbled out an apology through the wood. It was uncomfortable, sure, but not uncommon, and you just brushed it off and went on with your day. You thought he did, too, but then you noticed something. His eyes. They lingered on you a half-second too long when you talked. He was never quite staring at your face, but you couldn't tell what he was looking at. At one point, you sat in his lap like you always do and gave him an innocent kiss on the cheek, and he cleared his throat, picking you up and setting you on your feet next to him. He made some excuse about having to clean the grill, but you could've sworn you saw a strange imprint on his pants as he got up. 

You're not stupid. You know about penises, and erections, and the birds and bees. But this is your dad. It couldn't have been you he got such a... problem... over, could it? He's never been like this, not even when you started really developing in sixth grade. It has to be something else. Maybe he already had an erection, and he just didn't want you to feel it and be uncomfortable. Yeah, that must be it! 

You smile in satisfaction at having solved your puzzle as you walk into the house. The door shuts loudly behind you. "Dad, I'm home!" You hang your keys on the rack and wander into the living room, flopping onto your stomach on the couch. You pull out your phone and start scrolling through Twitter. It isn't long before you hear footsteps thumping on the hardwood of the living room floor behind you. Your don't look up, still kicking your feet as you mindlessly scroll. "Hey, daddy," you say. The footsteps halt. He doesn't answer. After a few seconds, you put your phone down, but you still don't turn around. "Dad?" 

Before you can blink, he's on you. He shoves your legs down flat against the couch and grabs at the waistband of your shorts, his rough hands scratching at your sides. You shriek. "Dad, what the hell? Stop!" You scream in pain as a sudden blow lands on the seat of your shorts, and you fall silent. He finally speaks. 

"You've been flaunting your sinful body at me all year, you whore. I've prayed for strength, but I know now what I have to do. God wants me to punish you for your sinful ways. Maybe this is how you'll learn to be pure and not to tempt godly men with your body. Especially with these shorts! I can see half of your rear, young lady." To emphasize his point, he slaps his hand down against the top of your thigh, where the beginning of your ass slightly peeks out from beneath the shorts. 

You remember telling him that that was just how shorts are now, it's hard to find shorts of any modest length, but you keep your mouth shut. Somehow, you know that telling him he's wrong will just make this worse. So you bite back your complaints as tears begin to sting your eyes. The offending shorts are soon torn down your body, and he leaves them down around your calves as he takes both asscheeks in his hands, wrinkling the delicate fabric of your panties. 

All thoughts of God have left his mind at this point, as he buries his face between your legs. You hear him inhale a shaky breath as his beard prickles your thighs, and you quietly sob into the couch cushion. You try to recite scripture to console you, but his words burn in your head. Why would god comfort you? This is your fault, after all. Your slutty, sinful ways brought this on you. Somehow, though, this doesn't make things any easier for you as your panties are suddenly ripped from your body. You let out a choked sob as you feel the fabric tear, and your pink, freshly-shaved, virgin holes are exposed to the air. To your father's gaze. 

His mouth is on you in seconds. You want to scream, to cry, to push him away, but you know he'd beat you. Instead, you just try to lie still and ignore the growing butterflies in your stomach. You've never even masturbated before, it's a sin, of course you wouldn't. The closest you've come to this is when you're washing yourself and the water sprays over the spot at the top. That pressure always makes your knees weak, and you've nearly caved to temptation just from that feeling before. This one is ten times stronger, and your thighs are quivering as his tongue finds that same spot. A shaky moan escapes your lips, and you clamp a hand down over your mouth so he doesn't hear you. You know it'll just get worse, and you hate yourself enough for enjoying this. 

Before long, his tongue is gone. You let out a sigh of relief, thinking it's over. You open your mouth to apologize when, suddenly, you feel something warm press against your entrance. Your face goes pale and you start begging. "No, no daddy please, I'm still a virgin! I'll be a good girl, please, I'm begging-" He cuts you off with a single, solid, cruel thrust. In one motion he's completely sheathed in you, and you scream from the sudden, searing, burning pain in your cunt. It's tearing, you just know it is, and you bite the flesh of your palm to suppress your screams as he moans. 

Your tight, virgin cunt squeezes every inch of his girthy cock, and if you weren't penetrated so violently, you might have enjoyed it. As it stands, when he starts moving, all you feel is pain. He rapes you for what feels like hours, the head of his cock ramming into your cervix with every stroke. The tears eventually stop coming as you grow numb, but you can't bring yourself to feel any pleasure as your father uses your body. He moans so loudly now that your eardrums rumble with the timbre of his voice. You feel him pulsing inside of you, and you feel nausea rise in your chest as the first spurt of his cum hits your cervix. His warm sperm fills every inch of you as he groans behind you, and you somehow find more tears to cry before he's done. He pulls out of your ruined, impure cunt with a sigh, and you relax, thinking that it's over at last. 

And then you feel the head of his cock push into your ass. 

You don't even bother begging, you just sob as he starts pushing. Your asshole resists him, and he slaps your ass so hard that you're sure it's bruised. "You want to act like a whore, I'll treat you like one. Relax your ass." You try your best to, but you know it isn't good enough. He just rams into you anyway, and you feel your sphincter spasm and tear as he forces his way deep inside of you. You feel the last remnants of your innocence tear free from your body as the base of his cock slams against your hips. You dissociate completely. 

You float up to the ceiling and see yourself down below you, your father sweating and groaning as he stuffs his cock into you. You don't even move. You don't cry, you don't scream, you don't respond. Your limp body slides forward and back against the cushion from the force of his rape, but you don't react. It isn't long before he fills your now-desolated ass with another load, but you can't even find it in yourself to be repulsed. He pulls out just before the end and shakes the last rope or two of cum out onto your red ass. You faintly hear his voice cut through the pounding static in your head as he gets dressed. 

"This was the lord's will, honey. I'm sorry that you drove me to this. Now clean yourself up, we're going to go see the pastor so you can ask God for forgiveness for your behavior." 

You don't respond as he walks out of the room. You just lay on the couch, unable to will your body to move anymore, as his cum leaks out of your forever-changed holes.