Chapter 1
CW for kidnapping, rape, brief mention of knives, painful penetration

(Author's Note: This is my first story, and I hadn't nailed my writing voice quite yet. As a result, this chapter is from the perspective of the assailant. Future chapters are from the victim's perspective.)

I'm going to find you. You wouldn't be the first slut whose address I've found when they weren't expecting it. I'll follow you home, memorize your route. I'll even still talk to you on Tumblr and pretend everything is fine for a while as I plan out my attack. Finally, when I know your routine well, I'll pick the weakest moment, the one where you're most alone. And I'll come up behind you, cover your mouth with one hand, and grab your right arm with the other. I'll twist it behind your back and up, threatening to dislocate it. I'll whisper harshly in your ear to prevent any early issues: "Don't make a sound, or I'll break it. You're coming with me, whether you want to or not, and if you don't, I keep breaking things until you do." To emphasize my point, I'll adjust my grip on your right arm to have access to your pinkie finger, and I'll lightly twist it. When you finally nod, pale and flushed with fear, I'll guide you to my car. I'll sit you in the passenger seat so I can keep a better eye on you, and I'll cable tie your arms and ankles together. I'll buckle you in on top of your arms just to make things more difficult, and I'll drive you to my favorite spot. 

You see, I wish I was kidding because it's a cliche, but I have a cabin. It's just inside of 40 acres of woods, and it's a mile away from any houses. It's soundproofed, with power, heat, a fridge, even a TV. No one will ever know you're there and I can keep you indefinitely. I'll pull in, unbuckle your seatbelt, and throw you over my shoulder as I walk you into the cabin. I'll toss you onto the couch, covered in stains from other little whores I've stolen before you, and I'll lock the door behind me. The lock requires a key on both sides, by design. So once you're in, I pocket the key, and pull out my knife. I walk towards you slowly, letting the light glint off the knife with a sadistic smile, before I cut both of the cable ties. 

"Here's how this will work. I own you. You won't be able to break out of this cabin, and even if you do, it's too cold out for you to be able to make it to the nearest house before you freeze to death. It's in the negatives out there. Your best bet is to stay here, and entertain me until I bore of you. I always let me sluts go, because they all love me too much by the end to say anything to get me in trouble. Your choice is this: you can either fight me, and make this more traumatic for yourself as I force you to do what I want, or you can cooperate and make it easier. It might even feel good. Your decision." 

You decide to cooperate, at least for now, and I smile. "Good girl!" I tuck my knife away securely in its sheath, and I begin slowly, sensually unfastening the buttons and hooks and zippers holding your clothing to your body until you're standing, gloriously naked, in front of me. I admire you for a moment before I start having my fun. I take one of your cute, perky tits into my mouth and suck on the nipple as my hand finds your cunt. I'm unsurprised to find that, despite your situation, you're soaking wet, and I use some of your wetness to wet my finger. I find the tiny little button of your clit and rub it in soft, slow circles as I caress your nipple with my tongue. As you start to moan and get into it, I very, very gently bite down on it. Just enough to give pleasure. As you gasp, I quickly push two fingers deep inside of your dripping pussy. I massage your g-spot as you begin to melt into me, moaning already despite yourself. I continue my work, occasionally switching nipples or swapping between fingering and clit-rubbing, until you're shaking and close to orgasm. Then I suddenly pull off of you and shove you back onto the couch. 

I yank your legs upward and spread them, giving me access to your beautiful pussy as I free my cock with one hand. I align it with your cunt hole and unceremoniously shove my entire length into you at once. Your wetness makes it embarrassingly easy, and I moan loudly at how tight and nice you feel. 

You squirm underneath me, both at the sudden intrusion and the stretching you have to do to accommodate me. My cock is entirely sheathed in you, and to make this happen I had to force your cervix to recede into your womb a bit so you would stretch further. Your labia are turning white from the pressure of being stretched how you are. I start raping you in earnest, moving quickly and relishing the feeling of my cock ramming your cervix. With every thrust, you whimper in pain until you start to go numb. And then you moan. Your eyes roll back and you grab onto me, balling your hands into fists in my shirt as you start to get close. I lean forward and begin kissing and sucking on the soft skin of your neck as you tighten around me. I moan into your ear, "Fuck, you feel so nice," as I feel my climax approaching. Finally, you let out a long, loud moan as you cum on your rapist's cock. You squeeze the entire shaft so tightly and nicely that you coax me to an orgasm as well, and I paint your cervix white with my cum as you spasm and buck underneath me. 

I give you a moment to relax and reset, and I'm pleasantly surprised to seethat you start moving on my cock again on your own, making small whimpers of need. "Okay, I'll give you what you want. Be careful what you wish for, toy." 

I pull out and flip you over without any preamble. I smack your plush ass until it's red, and then I force you up onto your knees with your head down. I push my wet, cum-covered cock into your ass, and you scream at the pain as I continue forcing my way deeper. You sob and reach back to try and push me off, or hit me, or get me away, but I grab your arms and pin them behind your back as I continue to force my entire length into you. When I'm finally rooted in you, and you're sobbing weakly, I start raping you. I fuck your ass mercilessly, relishing the spasms wracking your entire ass from the pain of being violently anally raped. I groan loudly, moving faster as you caress me so nicely. "You should count yourself lucky that my cock is wet, slut. I'd be happy to do this dry and ruin you forever." 

It takes over an hour for me to finally get close, especially since I already came. By this time, you're barely conscious from the pain, and your ass is a fuzzy, numb blur as I continue to rape you. You hear me moan loudly as I finally get brought to the edge, and I shove myself deep inside of you to cum. You feel my warm, sticky cum flood your ass, soothing you deep inside like a heating pad on your soreness, and I sigh happily. I pull out of you with a small "pop", and I kiss your red ass as a thank-you. "You did so well, rapebait. I'll be back for you later. There's food in the fridge, as well as ice packs, and I keep a small amount of ibuprofen in the cabinet if you want it. Very warm blankets are under the couch in a stowaway. We're going to have a lot of fun together." I leave you, naked, bruised, torn, filled and covered with cum, locked away in my cabin until I next have need of you.



Chapter 2
CW for cutting, blood, knifeplay, drugplay, somno, bloody penetration, asphyxiation

The night is cold, but the cabin is warm. Your captor took your clothes with him, and that didn't leave you with many options. You huddled under the blanket you found, staying near the heater to stay warm as the cold winter wind whips by outside. You can't see out, there are no windows, but you can feel the crisp winter in your bones. You know you wouldn't last five minutes outside. You sigh, and curl up on the couch. You grimace as your face hits the cushion, because you realize your cheek is laying on a stain of unknown age that smells, undeniably, like pussy. It's probably someone's squirt, you realize with disgust. You pull another blanket out of the tote and curl it underneath your head, both as a pillow and a barrier to the questionable stain. It takes a long, long time, but you eventually fall asleep. 

Hours later, the doorknob rattles with the telltale sound of a key engaging the tumblers in the lock. The door swings lazily open, and the silhouette of your rapist lurks in the doorway. You're still sleeping, your body trying to help you recover from your trauma by keeping you deep in REM sleep. He smiles at your curled-up form on the couch, and closes the door softly behind him. He's carrying a black duffel bag that rattles menacingly as he hefts it onto the table with a soft "thud". He unzips it and pulls out a small glass bottle, setting it down on the table. Next comes a leather case, which he sets next to it. After that is a fabric roll that he unfurls quietly on the table. The light glints on the dark gray Damascus steel of a dizzying array of sharp knives. The swirling patterns in the blades are almost mesmerizing, only made more impressive by the hairsplitting edge on each and every blade. He admires his collection for a while before turning to the small leather case. 

He opens it up and retrieves his prize: a small, delicate syringe. He plunges the needle into the rubber top on the strange glasss bottle, and retracts the plunger. A clear liquid rushes into the chamber, and he retrieves a few milliliters of the fluid before pulling the needle out. He turns the needle upside down and gently depresses the plunger, stopping once a little of the fluid has rushed out to ensure no air pockets remain in the vial. Satisfied, he retrieves his favorite blade from the set: a hefty combat knife with a 6 inch blade, light serrations on the cutting edge near the handle. The tip curves away from the cutting edge with a savage curl. He smiles and approaches your slumbering form. 

He pulls the blanket down to expose your face, and almost stops. You look so peaceful, so vulnerable. It catches him off guard. But all it really ends up doing is making blood rush to his cock, now straining against the restraining fabric of his underwear. He tucks the syringe into the hand holding the knife and leans down, gently shaking your shoulder. "Hey, sleepyhead. Good morning." 

He gives you time to wake up just enough for the fear to come into your eyes when you remember where you are before he pushes the knife to your throat. He puts almost no pressure at all on you, but you feel the sting of the blade and the telltale cool trickle of blood as a drop runs down your neck. "This is sharp. Don't give me a reason to show you exactly how sharp. You're going to be a good girl for me and take your shot." He holds up the syringe, glinting evilly in the dim light of the cabin. Your heart is pounding with fear, but you don't dare move for fear of being cut. You know, instinctively, that the knife is directly over your jugular artery. You don't even want to risk swallowing, so you just nod almost imperceptibly. He smiles. 

"That's my girl. You'll feel a little pinch." He sinks the needle into your neck, and depresses the plunger. Immediately, your head gets fuzzy. The room blurs out of focus. His voice seems to echo as he talks now, and you don't even recognize the sound of a zipper unzipping. "That's it. Just go to sleep. We'll have so much fun together..." 

The first thing you're aware of is your head. Some little asshole is putting on the world's worst rock show inside of your skull, featuring your frontal lobe as the drumset. But that pain pales in comparison to everything else you feel as your body begins to awaken. You're acutely aware, suddenly, of a burning pain on your chest. Your asshole is stinging and aching, and you feel nauseous, like your stomach is bruised. Your pussy is throbbing worse than it ever has before, it feels like ten men had their way with you. You panic at the thought, realizing that it probably isn't far off. Before you even have the chance to get up your courage to look down at yourself a the TV clicks on, and you see yourself. 

Specifically, you see your naked body, splayed out on a table in the middle of the cabin. You're spread-eagle, with everything on full display. A small puddle of drool lies below your mouth on the table, and your eyes are shut. A voice begins to play through the TV speakers, and you shudder with recognition of your rapist's voice. 

"Hello, toy! I made a video of our time together. This is you, three hours ago! Give or take. Xylazine is so hard to judge when it comes to how long it'll last. Why don't you sit back and enjoy the show?" Your dread turns to horror as you see the camera move, and a hand come into view. It's clutching a menacing knife, the same knife held to your throat earlier. Tears roll out of your eyes as you see him walk forward and lay the blade against your chest. Small pools of crimson appear beneath the blade as he cuts patient, even lines into your skin. You're openly sobbing as you recognize letters. First, 4 perpendicular lines, all gathered at one end. A W. Then three lines, two parallel with one running between them. H. You instinctively bring your hand up to your chest, gingerly touching what you now feel are clean white bandages over your chest. You watch in utter horror as your rapist cuts an accusation into your skin: WHORE. 

When it's finally done, he steps back to admire his work. It's beautiful, all told. Carefully done, no lines overlapping or cut too long, and evenly spaced on your chest. Nodding his satisfaction, he snaps the camera into a tripod and leaves the frame. He returns with a small, clear plastic bottle and a white cloth. He pours the contents of the bottle onto your chest and gently works it around with the cloth, and grins up at the camera. "Can't have you getting an infection, can we?" He bandages your wounds next, using fresh, sterile white pads over your wounds with a medical wrap around your torso to keep them pressed to your injuries. 

With your chest wrapped up, he moves on. You wipe the tears from your face, unable to look away as he continues his destruction of your body. You valiantly ignore the gentle throbbing of your clit, sending small signals to your brain. "Hey, brain," your clit whispers, "I think we uh, I think we kind of like this a little." You dig your nails into your palm in an effort to suppress the feeling, but it doesn't quite go away. 

He climbs on top of you, and you see that his pants are off. Your mouth goes dry as you recognize the thick, long cock that nearly split you open the previous day. He grins at the camera once more as he begins to push it into you. He gets as far as the head in, and stops. He looks confused. Suddenly, he laughs, a noise so abrupt it makes you jump. "You little slut!" he says, between laughs. "You're fucking soaked! You're enjoying this! Damn, I pick them well." He climbs off of you and goes out of frame for a moment, leaving you burning with shame at your unconscious past self. He comes back shortly with a towel, and diligently wipes it along your cunt. "You know, I'm trying to make this hurt. Hard to do that when you're wet!" He pushes part of the towel into you, swirling it around to catch all of the lubricant. 

He pushes his cock in again, and groans this time. "That's more like it. Fuck. I can feel you resisting me." Your past self's face is contorted with pain, despite the tranquilizer, as your pussy is being torn and forced to accept a cock into its dry depths. He moans at the obvious tightness, and grins down at you sleeping form as he pushes onward. He reaches over to grab the camera, and points it down toward your pussy. 

"Look, sweetheart! You're bleeding for me." Sure enough, a trickle of blood is running down his cock from where your vagina is tearing at the intrusion. He points the camera at his face and laughs. "I guess you get some lube after all." He returns the camera to a view of your poor, ruined hole as he begins raping it in earnest. You hear the lewd sounds of wet flesh slapping together as he impales you over and over, blood now coating the length of his cock. You're actively ignoring the pulsing of your clit now, swearing you don't enjoy this, but something escapes your notice: you're not crying. You're watching the video, enraptured, and you can't look away. Not even when he moans loudly and shoves himself into you to the hilt, and you see his cock pulse, and you know he just came inside of you. 

He sighs happily and pulls out, letting his cum mix with your blood as it leaks out of you. He gets up and dries himself off, taking a big swig of water. He smiles at you through the camera, and walks to your head. He zooms in on himself as he pushes his cock past your sleeping lips and into your mouth. He sighs happily as his softening dick begins to harden once more inside of your warm mouth. After a moment, he pulls out of you and begins working to flip you over. 

You already know what he's going to do. The residual pain in your ass is evidence of it. You're overcome with dread, and you plead with the TV. "No, please..." Your voice is small and weak, almost cracked from disuse. "Please, just leave me alone." But your sore, aching holes prove that the man in the TV didn't listen to you. Sure enough, he climbs on top of you. He brings the camera down wordlessly, and you recognize the delicate star of your asshole. It's bone-dry, not a drop of lube in sight, as he pushes the head of his cock against it. He moans loudly, right into the microphone of the camera, and the tears begin to fall again as you see your ass tense, resist, and finally collapse under his pressure. You see your asshole part around him as the head spreads you wide. Your cunt is throbbing and soaked now, and you don't have the willpower to pretend it isn't happening anymore. You just let it drip. You don't look away as more and more of his cock tears into your ass, and your asshole (in real time) throbs to the rhythm of his pushing. 

You gasp as you feel arms reaching around your body from behind you. Your heart drops as you realize that he's been here, watching your reaction, the entire time. One hand grips your throat and pulls you back against the couch, and the other dips between your legs. You feel his hot breath on your neck as he whispers in your ear. "You're fucking soaked. You love this, don't you?" His fingers expertly massage and tweak your sensitive clit, and you can't help but moan as you start to melt into him. Your eyes are glued on the screen as your past selves become one. His cock is now buried completely in your ass, and he starts violently raping you. He impales you so hard and so fast that the camera, the table, even your unconscious body are all shaking. You grind your hips against his fingers in the present, mesmerized by your rape. You're quickly approaching your climax and you know it, just as you can see that he's about to fill your ass on the TV. You moan loudly as you see his cock pulse, and you almost feel his cum shoot deep into your ass in the present just as it does in the past. You cum hard, holding his hand against your cunt as he chokes you and you grind yourself on him. You start to black out, but you just grind more needily, your vision going fuzzy and dark. 

You finally start descending from your orgasm as the figure on the TV smiles to the camera. He pulls out, showing you your bloody, gaping, ruined ass full of cum. He turns the camera to himself and gives you a thumbs up. "See you later, rapebait." The TV clicks off, and with that, you fall headfirst into unconsciousness as you finally pass out from lack of oxygen.



Chapter 3
CW for knifeplay, more rape, Stockholm syndrome

You come back to consciousness, and the room is different. The TV is off, you don't remember it turning off. It's very, very dark. Almost pitch-black. You wince as you sit up, your head pounding. You vaguely remember being choked; it must have knocked you out. That would explain the headache. You start to recall the day before, gingerly running a hand over your bandages on your chest. You don't even want to know what your holes look like, because they're so sore you almost can't move. But your stomach is growling, and you realize that you haven't eaten since you got here. You sigh as heavily as you can without hurting your cuts. 

You slowly, carefully push yourself to your feet and hobble to the fridge. It takes a while when you don't really want to move your legs, but you're feeling the burn in your pussy and ass already. You don't want to aggravate it further. You pull the fridge open, wincing as the action pulls at your fresh scabs. You're greeted with a surprisingly impressive spread. 

There are four rows of three plastic containers each on the top shelf. The first row is three kinds of pasta, two in tomato sauce and one in what looks to be alfredo sauce. The second row looks to be Asian; you see mandarin chicken and lo mein in one, pho in another, and some kind of soup in the last. You keep looking through the containers and realize that each row is a different type of cuisine, with a different dish in each. You blink in surprise at this lavish treatment. It's only when you crouch to grab a container of what you believe is rotisserie chicken that the tears in your cunt burn, and remind you of the cruelty the provider of these meals is capable of. 

You ignore the pain as best as you can and close the fridge, turning to the microwave next to it. You put the food in for a minute or two, and you're stuck waiting. You look down at your chest and swallow the hard lump in your throat. It's time to bite the bullet and check your new decoration. 

You move slower than a turtle as you pull the bandages away from your chest, hoping to just peek underneath them. You make sure that you don't feel the telltale pulling of stuck bandage as you go. Eventually, you can see part of your injuries. A tear rolls down your face. 

They're scabbing perfectly. They'll heal into scars that spell out your new name, your new existence. Everyone who ever sees your chest will know your secret. Your face burns with shame as you remember that you enjoyed it. You CAME, for fuck's sake. You came watching this stranger rape you, destroy you, hurt you. You try to be disgusted, but your pussy starts to throb. Your eyes drag across the room to the TV, and the camera still connected to it. Your heart pounds as you think about how it would feel to turn it on, to see what happened again. You feel your feet start to move of their own accord when the microwave shakes you out of your head. 

"FOOD IS READY" proclaims the friendly digital readout, and you open the door. Steam wafts over the food and your mouth can't help but water. You retrieve your food and look around for something to eat with. In a drawer next to the fridge, you find a pair of chopsticks with a note attached to them. 

"Dear rapebait, 

I'm sorry, I can't allow you to use a fork. Everything I've provided can be easily and safely eaten with chopsticks, so you're going to use those. It's a lot harder to stab someone with chopsticks than a fork, after all. 

Love, Rapist" 

Your stomach churns at his chosen moniker, and the sight of the heart he drew next to the word would make you sick if you had any food in your stomach. You tear the note off of the chopsticks and put it out of your mind, taking your newfound meal and utensils to the couch. 

It takes you less than five minutes to devour the entire plate. It's delicious, and you're starving. You use the note as a napkin, wiping the juice of the chicken off of your lips before setting the whole bundle aside. You sigh in contentment despite yourself. Other than boredom, you're actually pretty well taken care of. You begin to start wondering what to do to occupy your time when the lock rattles. 

Your heart is in your throat as the knob turns, and you eye your chopsticks as a plan begins to form. You'll take the chopsticks, rush the door, stab his eyes out and then... What? You don't hear an engine when he pulls up, so you don't think he drives here. It's still too cold to walk, at least not without many layers of clothes like he's wearing. No, you're stuck here at this point. You push the chopsticks out of your mind and try to prepare yourself for today's trials. 

He locks the door behind him and turns around with a gleeful grin. "Morning, rapebait!" The way he says your new "name" makes your skin crawl. It's so joyful and happy. Your cunt, however, is drenched. You've decided you're not on speaking terms with your cunt anymore. It's a traitor. 

He spots the pile of dishes next to you. "Ah, the chicken, huh? Good choice. I actually cooked that myself with a fire pit outside. Family recipe. I hope you liked it!" He takes your dishes off of the couch and stashes them in a bag that he's carrying. He pulls out a fresh set of chopsticks and tosses them into the drawer before turning back to you. 

"So, today we're going to try something. You seemed to really, really like my knives. So I brought something special." He reaches into his bag and pulls out what looks to be the most terrifying knife you've ever seen, and you start crying openly. His face wrinkles in concern. 

"Oh no, don't worry. It's dull. See?" He drags the blade across his arm, and all it does is leave a faint red scratch. "This one isn't for cutting. It'll still cut if you're not careful, but that's part of the fun, isn't it? Lay down for me and spread your legs." 

You shake your head in a terrified, indignant refusal, and you see his features darken. "Rapebait, you know what I can do to you. I'll just make you follow directions if I need to. I'm trying to make you feel good, and I think you'll love this. Trust me, this actually gets more fun when you start falling for me." You try not to gag at the last sentence, but you can't deny the wisdom of the first two. You sigh heavily and lay back on the couch with your legs spread, determined not to enjoy this. 

He smiles and leans down between your legs. "Thank you. Isn't that better?" His mouth is suddenly on your clit. You gasp at the pleasure, resisting the urge to tangle your hands in his hair as his tongue expertly flicks along the sensitive nub. He's alternating the textures of his tongue as he goes, so you never get too used to a sensation before he switches it up. The bastard knows what he's doing. He's not trying to make you cum, just turn you on. And it's fucking working. 

Your back arches against your wishes and you let out a long moan. It's nice to have pure, untainted pleasure, for once. Your wounds still burn, but the sensations radiating up your body are keeping the pain at bay as your thighs instinctively squeeze your rapist's head. You can feel his lips turn upward into a smile on your pussy. Ugh. You hate making him happy. 

After a few minutes, he sits up and wipes his face on his sleeve, admiring your now-glistening hole. "There we go. That'll be easier to work with." He leans back down and suddenly you feel something impossibly cold pressing against you. As realization dawns on you, you start panicking. "No no no no no not that, just pull back, please, I'll do anything else!" You're trying to get away, but he holds your hips down in an iron grip. His voice is stony as he responds to you. 

"No. I'm going to do what I want. You're going to let me. If you struggle, it'll cut you. If you lay still, you might feel good. So stop fucking moving, or I'll just jam it in anyway and see what fucking happens!" His voice escalated into a shout, and you stop moving instantly. Your heart is pounding. You realize you've never heard him shout at you. You slowly nod your assent, and the anger melts away from him. 

"Good girl!" You feel the blade return to your entrance as he slowly pushes it inside of you. It's ice cold, and you whimper at the feeling. It doesn't feel full, but it's stretching you out nonetheless. You feel a very, very slight pain, but it could just be the tears from before. You don't dare move as more and more of the blade disappears inside of you. 

He releases your hip now, knowing you won't move with the blade inside of you, and uses his free hand to massage your clit. You bite your lip to trap an errant moan. Suddenly, you feel a sharp poke and you realize that he's now at your cervix. He stops moving and grins. "Look at you! It's all in, rapebait. Now the real fun begins." 

With horror, you realize that he's now twisting the handle. You feel the blade graze over your inner walls and you try so desperately not to clench down out of either fear or pleasure, because goddammit, it feels good. Your breathing is coming in shallow pants as he starts moving the blade in and out, fucking you with a knife. 

"Good girl. I think you love this, don't you?" You're nodding before you even realize what you're doing. You're getting so close, and you realize you care less and less why. You just wanna cum. You're right at the dge when suddenly, he stops. Your eyes fly open and you look down, a pained, pleading look painted on your pretty face. 

"Oh no, rapebait. You've gotta beg. You've gotta say, 'Please, mister rapist sir, make me cum with your big knife. I'll be a good girl.' Exactly like that." He waits expectantly as you weigh the pros and cons of humiliating yourself completely. 

Your deliberations don't last long. Traitor or not, your cunt screams for release. You take a deep breath, squeeze your eyes shut, and yell. "PLEASEMISTERRAPISTSIRMAKEMECUMWITHYOURBIGKNIFEILLBEAGOODGIRL." 

He laughs at your obvious reluctance, but he starts fucking you again. Faster, this time, and you moan as the blade gently pokes your cervix at the apex of every thrust. Your clit is being rubbed so nicely, you're right on the edge. You find yourself talking without meaning to. "Fuck yes," you hear your voice say, "I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum please don't stop!" He kisses your inner thigh as he works, looking up at your face with a satisfied smirk as you finally, blessedly cum. 

Your inner walls squeeze the blade so tightly that you become a sheath for it. You feel a pinch as it very lightly cuts you, but that just makes you cum harder. Liquid sprays out of you and hits the handle, and your face burns as you realize that you're squirting. His massaging of your clit never stops, and your orgasm lasts for what feels like decades before you finally relax your muscles and melt into the couch, panting. He gently slides the knife out of you, and lays the now-warm metal on your stomach. He walks to your head and pets your hair, planting a gentle kiss on your forehead. 

"You did so well, sweetheart. I think you're finally warming up to me." You blush as you realize that this is the first time he's called you anything but "rapebait". You think for a long moment before turning and looking in his eyes. They're blue, you realize. My rapist has cool, deep blue eyes. "Thank you, sir," you say, and you're surprised to find you don't even feel disgusted with yourself for saying it. Maybe, just maybe, you could learn to like this.



Chapter 4
CW for intoxication play, Stockholm syndrome, and rape

Your chopsticks click against the ceramic plate in front of you. You're chasing a piece of steak, thoughtfully cut into small enough pieces for you, around the plate, trying to grab it. You wished you were a bit better with the chopsticks; it was an issue sometimes. You finally get fed up and skewer the steak on one stick, bringing it up to your mouth and triumphantly biting down on it. You hear a laugh across the table, and you blush. 

Your rapist is sitting with you, at a proper dining table. He's eating the same meal, although his steak isn't pre-cut. You blush as you remember that this meal is special. You still don't know what possessed him to walk in the door with a bouquet of flowers, two New York strip steaks, and a bottle of wine, yelling, "Tonight's date night, sweetheart!", but you don't complain. After all, you take what comfort you can get here, and it's a nice dinner. 

You wash the steak down with a sip of red wine, and sigh happily as the rich drink goes down your throat. Part of you, a part that you're staunchly, desperately ignoring, is starting to wonder if you want to leave. You can hear the nagging voice in your head arguing with your common sense. 

"Hey, me," says the skeptical part, "this isn't so bad. I mean, really, no work, no bills, you're mostly comfortable, you're well-fed. He even said he'd bring you some movies to watch on the TV since you're so bored." 

"Now, just hold on," your common sense replies. "Have you never heard of Stockholm Syndrome? You have a life to get back to. What about your family and friends? What about your ambitions?" 

"Meh, who needs them? I'm getting properly, deeply fucked better than I ever have been, fed like a queen, and I don't even have to do anything to earn it. Stockholm or not, this is a pretty sweet arrangement, all things considered." 

Your common sense is about to launch into a scathing tirade in reply, but your host puts his silverware down and startles you out of your thoughts. He cleans his mouth off with a napkin, and turns to you. 

"So," he says. "By now, you should be realizing how this is going to be. You will not be killed. I promise you that every other woman who stayed here before you left happy, and many still contact me." You try to ignore the sting of jealousy that rises as he mentions his previous victims. "I plan on keeping you here for a period of one month. At the end of that month, I will leave for the day, and leave the door unlocked. I will leave a bundle of very warm clothes on the couch, and enough money for bus fare anywhere you want to go. The bus stop is one and a half miles directly north. I'll come back twelve hours later. If you've left, I'll know you're not the one for me. If you're still here, then the real fun begins. Sound fair?" 

You bite your lip as the warring voices rise again. It's only been a week. How are you going to last 3 more if this is how conflicted you are already? But you find yourself nodding, because it's a pretty sweet deal, all things considered. "Yes, that sounds fair. Thank you." 

He smiles at your politeness and leans across the table. You flinch for a moment and he freezes. He looks uncomfortable. But he continues forward and takes your plate, stacking it on top of his. He takes your wine glass as well, and brings the whole bundle to his bag. "You'd think," he chuckles, "that after all this time, I'd put in a sink out here so I could wash dishes." You stifle a giggle. God, why does he have to be charming? 

He turns back to you, and he's holding some rope. He approaches you, and your heart starts to pound. He takes you by the arm and pulls you up, off of your chair. He turns you around and makes you kneel on it with your arms around the back, and he ties your arms and ankles tightly to the frame so that you can't move. You're still naked; you always are, anymore. But you don't seem to realize how vulnerable you are until he ties you down and your holes are exposed to the air. He smiles once more at your bound form. 

"You're beautiful, rapebait. I wanna break your ass today, okay?" Your heart feels like it's going to break your ribcage. He returns to his bag, but you can't see what he's doing. You only hear the sounds of his hands shuffling against the rough fabric of the duffel. He returns a moment later and slides something over your head. You recognize the familiar texture of your blindfold. 

You swallow the lump in your throat, but you don't speak. You don't want to lose your speaking privileges, and if he has the blindfold, he probably has the gag, too. You take a few calming, centering breaths as he leaves once more. Abruptly, you feel a cool, smooth pressure on your asshole. Your panic resumes, but you try not to speak. His voice drifts over your shoulder. "You didn't drink all of your wine, sweetheart. I paid good money for it, I'm going to make sure you drink it all." You let out a low whine as what you can only assume is the neck of the wine bottle is forced into your ass. It burns, as dry insertions always do, but you find it more bearable. You must be getting used to this, you realize with a start. 

Suddenly, you feel yourself tipping forward. You scream, worried about your bound hands in front of you, but you stop before you hit the ground. You're hyperventilating now, your chest rising and falling rapidly. You hear him laugh. "I've got you, don't worry." You feel yourself getting gently lowered down, and your hands are greeted with soft, warm cushions. You also realize that, the way he tied your arms, there isn't really any weight resting on them in this position. You sigh in relief, thankful that he knows what he's doing.that relief doesn't last long, as you start to feel something strange: the wine is pouring into you. The position you're tied in causes your anus to loosen, and the pressure of the liquid is rushing past your inner walls. You groan as you feel your stomach start to swell with the wine, burning all of the small tears inside of you as it goes. 

He finally pulls the bottle out with a wet "pop", but you can tell that the bottle is empty now. You feel it sloshing around inside of you when you breathe. A cold pressure appears at your ass again, and you wince as a large, metal plug is forced into you. It stretches you, but not too far, and you pant with exertion until you feel it pop into place. You hear his voice again. 

"You're going to enjoy the wine, now. Did you know, darling, that the mucus membranes of your ass are quicker to absorb chemicals than your stomach lining? In other words, you're about to get very, very drunk, very, very fast. I'll be back soon, try to enjoy yourself, okay?" And you hear the door open and shut, leaving you to squirm on the chair as you feel your head begin to spin. 

What feels like hours pass, with your ass in the air and the wine absorbing into your bloodstream. You can't even focus, because the pressure is starting to make you wet. Your cunt drips down, occasional droplets of lubricant falling to the backs of your calves. You whine as you shift around, trying to loosen the pressure inside of you, but you're just too full. And now you're dizzy, too. The wine is truly taking hold, and you're grateful for the blindfold. You know that, if you could see the room right now, it would be spinning. You squint your eyes shut anyway and just try to sit still, as movement just seems to make it worse. 

The door swings open again, and you jump in surprise. Bad idea, you realize, as the wine swishes around inside of you. You let out a long, pained groan, and you hear him chuckle. "Enjoying your drink, baby? Come on, let's get you up." He unties you and helps you to your feet, where you instantly collapse into him. He wraps a supportive arm around your waist and helps you stumble to the bathroom. He pushes the door open with one hand and guides you to the toilet, and helps you sit. "Now, this is going to be a lot, okay? Just hold still." 

He reaches between your legs and pulls slowly on the plug, and you whimper into his shoulder as your sore ass stretched once again. Suddenly, it comes free, and what's left of the wine rushes out of you. You pants and whimper into him as you try to ignore your discomfort, but it's over almost as soon as it began. He guides your hand to the toilet paper and helps you clean yourself up, flushing the wine down the drain after. He guides you to the sink, holding you upright so you don't stumble, and brings your hands under the warm water. He massages soap into them with a delicacy that makes your booze-addled mind melt, and you moan happily. You feel him chuckle as he starts to rinse you off, and he dries your hands delicately. Something else happened, but you don't remember what, because you're suddenly on the couch. 

You mumble something about being dizzy as you feel his weight settle between your legs. You're barely cognizant of anything, but suddenly you feel a warm, thick length push deep into your pussy. You moan loudly and wrap your arms around him as you recognize the shape of his cock pressing into you. You thrust your hips drunkenly against him, all common sense lost as you make it painfully clear how much you enjoy this. 

He seems to just fuck you harder in response, slamming into your cervix. You hear his voice whisper in your ear, through his grunts of effort. "That's my girl. You love this, don't you? You were soaking wet, slid in so easily. You slut." Your cunt tightens on him as you moan, unable to hide anymore just how much you love his treatment of you. He angles your head toward him and suddenly you feel warm lips against yours. You moan into his mouth and kiss him back, fervently, your tongue roaming across his lips and your arms holding you close to him. His cock pulses inside of you, making you ache deep inside, and you whimper against his lips as he begins to suck on your tongue. An orgasm washes over you, over as quick as it started, and you pant for breath as he continues. And then another starts. But this one doesn't end. 

Your orgasm is kept right on the crest of the wave for what feels like ages. You just can't come back down. You whine against him, unable to speak with how he has your tongue trapped. You feel his tongue flick against yours and you whimper. He's pounding you harder now, forcing your orgasm higher and higher and higher until, finally, you feel the warmth of his cum seeping into you. You gasp as your orgasm reaches its final peak, and you start to come down with him. You moan at the warmth, wiggling your hips in drunken glee. Finally, you feel him pull out, and get up off of you. You whine loudly and reach for him, but you're drunk and still blindfolded, so you miss. He's back before long though, and he's curled up against your back. A warm blanket is draped over you, and his wet cock, now softening, is laying against your ass. You sigh happily and scoot back against his chest before passing out into a deep, intoxicated sleep. The last thing you hear before you fall asleep is your voice saying, "Thank you, master."



Chapter 5
CW for gunplay, somno, painful penetration, Stockholm syndrome

Your head is pounding when you wake up. The lights in the cabin are off, and a warm blanket is draped over your naked body. You look down at your bandages and find them clean. He must have changed them while you were sleeping, you realized. You hold your head and try not to groan. You've got the worst hangover ever. You rub your eyes and look up at the table in front of you. 

You're surprised to find a glass of water, a piece of paper, and some pills. You take the pills, almost without even thinking about it at this point. What could he do? Kidnap you again? Drug you again? He wouldn't bother trying to trick you, so the pills are probably for your own good. You sip the water as you read. 

"Good morning sweetheart, 

I hope you're feeling okay. The amount of wine you had would be a lot for anyone, let alone someone drinking it the way you did. The pills on this piece of paper are some very, very good painkillers, with a couple of supplements and some caffeine to get you through the worst of the hangover. There's a plate of bacon, eggs, and a waffle in the fridge for you when you feel up to eating. I'll be in later, I have some things to take care of. 

Love, Rapist" 

You have to physically stop yourself from smiling at the absurdity of the little heart that he drew next to the word "rapist". The fact that this doesn't seem to bother you anymore makes your skin crawl. You know why, and you know what's going on in your head. It's Stockholm syndrome. You fell for your captor. But... Stockholm doesn't make you develop new kinks, does it? Were you always into this? I mean, sure, CNC is fun, but actual rape? That's too far, right? 

You sigh as you ponder these questions, but you still get to your feet and go to the fridge. The food sounds nice, and it'll help settle your stomach. You pull the delicious-looking breakfast plate out of the fridge and slide it into the microwave. As you wait for your food to heat up, you find your gaze going to the TV again. Your thoughts instantly race, and your heart starts to pound. You feel the wetness grow between your legs as the microwave whirs onward. Surely, it couldn't hurt, could it? 

Half an hour later, the door swings open. You don't even notice. Your rapist grins and shakes his head as he shuts the door behind him. He takes in the whole sight in front of him, his pants growing tight as he begins to harden. You're laying on the couch, the TV on, volume up high, your food long-forgotten in the microwave. Your moans almost drown out the grunts playing through the speaker. The TV is playing the video he made of your rape, and specifically the part after he dried your cunt out so you'd be more hurt by his penetration. You've got two fingers deep inside of your ass, and your other hand is furiously rubbing your clit. A small trickle of blood runs out of your ass onto your hand from the tears you're reopening, but you couldn't care less. Your eyes open and you see your rapist in front of you, stroking his cock through his pants as he watches you. You smile, and then bite your lip, before your eyes screw shut and you let out a long, low moan as you cum on your hands. 

You pant for breath as you come down from your orgasm, and you've almost caught your breath when suddenly, there's a cock pushing into your mouth. Your rapist is forcing it down onto your throat, but you just moan around him. You're gone. Your mind is broken, and you're just a rapedoll now. You keep viciously finger-raping your asshole as he rapes your throat, and you feel your clit pulse as he swells in your mouth. You know he's going to cum, and you can't fucking wait. You hum around him to encourage him, and that's all it takes before his cum is coating the inside of your throat. You suck it down happily, moaning around his shaft as you do. 

He pulls out of your mouth with a wet "pop", and pats you on the head. "Good job, rapebait. I think it's time we try something more fun." You swallow the sudden lump in your throat, but you don't respond. You're all in. You're his now, and you're happy to be. You'll let him do what he wants. You close your eyes and breathe, letting your legs fall open and sliding your fingers out of your ass to give him full access. 

He doesn't disappoint. After a few minutes, you feel cold metal push inside of you. Your eyes fly open and you stare down at your pussy, where the barrel of a handgun is being pushed into you. Your heart pounds at your ribcage, threatening to shatter bone, as he smiles devilishly up at you. 

"This is your life now, sweetheart. This gun is loaded. If I wanted, I could end you. I could pull the trigger and ruin your body forever, if not completely kill you. You've put your life in my hands. Never forget what that means." You nod shakily, your face white with terror, as he starts to move the barrel in and out. It takes a long time for it to feel good at all, but it eventually does. After twenty minutes or so, you're moaning and thrusting your hips against the barrel of the gun, fucking yourself on it as he watches with approval. He feels you tighten up on the gun, and he squeezes your thigh. His fingers leave bruises from the strength he grips you with. "You have to ask nicely." 

You nod, and the words flow easily out of your mouth. No part of you wants to fight anymore. "Please, rapist, can I cum, sir?" He smiles and nods, and you moan so loudly it hurts your own ears as you convulse on the barrel of the gun. Your cunt squeezes the metal, the iron sight cutting into you, but you don't care. You grind yourself down against it as you ride out wave after wave of the same long orgasm. The only thought running through your head by the end is, "I'm glad to be his". When you finish, he pulls the gun gently out and sets it aside. He climbs up onto the couch next to you, and pulls your head against his chest. And that's how you fall asleep, curled up against your rapist, as he softly pets your hair and hums some tuneless melody.



Chapter 6
CW for scarring, branding, rape, kidnapping, and severe Stockholm Syndrome

Your knees dig into the hardwood floor of the cabin, and you know there's probably imprints of the rough texture on your skin by now, but you don't move. Your hands are placed on your thighs, and you rub your thighs softly in anticipation. Your legs are together, your feet tucked underneath you, and your eyes are glued to the doorknob. Your cunt, which by now is perpetually wet, is dripping onto the floor underneath you, but you don't dare touch it. You're not allowed to anymore. The only pleasure you get is from your master, and that's how you like it. 

It's been two weeks since you felt a little piece of your mind, bent and warped, finally snap under the pressure of being his captive. You stopped caring about freedom, about your dignity, about anything that wasn't being a good slut. Being honest with yourself, this is what you've always wanted. You haven't had to work in months; your employer probably thinks that you've died. Your lease is up at your apartment by now, and your things are in a storage shed ready to be auctioned off. You don't care. It doesn't matter anymore, any of it. All that matters is that doorknob, and when it turns to reveal the author of all of your fantasies. 

And turn it does. The door swings open, and you feel your clit throb. You bite your lip to control yourself. "Good morning, master." 

He smiles and cups your face in one hand as he looks down at your naked form, kneeling in supplication. "Good morning, sweetheart. Are you excited to play?" 

You nod fervently and give him your most obedient and encouraging smile. "Yes, master!" 

He pats you on the head affectionately and walks past you. He sets his duffel bag down on the table, that same duffel that you know and love so much. He unzips it, and your cunt gets wetter from the familiar sound of metal on metal. He pulls out a blindfold, and you close your eyes and bow your head. He slides the blindfold over your eyes and secures it behind your head. You feel the familiar cool leather of his handcuffs closing around your wrists, and you let him drag you where he needs you. You feel a click through your wrist where he fastens a chain to your cuffs on both sides. Before long, he has you in a place you know well: locked with your arms above your head to a metal frame, unable to stop him from torturing you. The drop of wetness falling from your pussy and hitting the floor is almost audible. 

You're completely caught off-guard when the whip cracks across your ass. You scream in surprise and in pain as the white-hot lash of agony radiates outward. You almost don't hear his question above the sound of your heartbeat thumping in your ears. When you don't respond, you feel another stroke hit your ass, forcing a choked sob out of your lips. 

"I said, 'do you love me?'" His voice cuts through the pain, and you nod rapidly, if only to avoid another lash. One comes anyway, and you scream as the whip welts your tender flesh. "Out loud, whore!" 

"Yes, master! I love you!" You barely manage to eke out a reply from between gasps for breath. 

He laughs, a cruel and short sound. "Good. Would you do anything I asked?" The whip cracks across the back of your knees. 

"Fuck! Yes, sir, anything!" Your mind is racing. He's never asked anything like these questions before. You're completely lost. 

"Final question: do you swear to obey me forever?" 

You don't even give him a second to whip you again. "Yes, I swear! Please, sir, don't hit me again!" 

You tense for a blow that never comes. Instead, you hear some kind of hiss.. almost like gas? Panic sets in immediately as you realize that he's working with fire. "Please, master, what did I do wrong? Let me be better! Don't burn me, please!" Your pleas are stifled by a rubber gag being forced between your lips. 

"I know, sweetheart. This isn't a punishment. This is your graduation." You feel his lips press against the skin of your left buttock, and you wince at the pressure on your new welt. But soon, you have a new reason to wince, as you feel a brand new sensation: burning metal. 

You scream in agony as the skin of your ass sticks to white-hot metal, and you can barely breathe in between great, racking sobs shaking your entire body. The process is over quickly, but the pain lasts. You risk a look behind you, and you see that you've been branded with a strange symbol. It looks like a circle with a bird in flight in the center. All you manage to choke out between sobs is one word: "why?" 

As if this wasn't confusing enough, his hand is suddenly on your head, petting your hair. He whispers into your ear, softly and gently: "I'm sorry that I had to do that, sweetheart. But you see, you're graduating today. This is your graduation present, so you never forget your classes. It's imperative that you never forget, okay? I have big plans for you. Now, I'm giving you a choice." His hand slides down to the small of your back, just above your burning ass. "Option 1: you go home. This is just a memory for you, and you return to your old life. Option 2 is far more interesting." His hand slides down over your welts and you shudder from the pain. "With option 2, I won't tell you what you're signing up for right away. At first, you'll still just be going home. But I promise you that you'll live a new life, one you've never even dreamt of, with me. What do you choose?" 

You're in stunned silence for a long time. Home? You're... You're going home? It's been months, what is home going to even look like? Your friends and family probably think that you're dead. But then, the choice isn't whether or not you're going home, is it? You just have to decide whether or not you want to continue with.. whatever this is. 

You try to pin your feelings down for a few minutes, picking individual thoughts and emotions out of the complex jumble rolling around in your head. Sure, you're excited and hopeful that you can go home. But why is there more? Why is there... Is that disappointment? Why are you disappointed? And then, everything clicks. After a moment of silent processing, you lift your head. You're as amazed as anyone else when the words leave your mouth. 

"I pick Option 2." 

You can feel his smile against your neck as he kisses it. "Good. That's very good, sweetheart. Let's get you home, hmm?" You feel his lips replaced with a familiar cold pain, and then you see nothing but blackness. 

When you awaken, you're completely taken aback to feel soft, warm sheets underneath you. Your hands slide across the distantly familiar texture of your bedsheets. You haven't felt them in months. Is this another dream? Or have you finally lost your mind completely? You risk opening your eyes, and you're greeted by another memory: the sight of your bedroom ceiling. You bolt upright and look around. Impossibly, it's all still here. It's the same apartment, the same furniture, the same everything. The only difference is, everything is spotless. You hadn't cleaned the house in a little while the day you... Left. There was laundry all over your room, and the dishes had piled up a bit. But, as you look around, you see that everything has been cleaned and dusted and vacuumed until it's almost shining. 

This is impossible. You've been gone at LEAST three months, if not closer to four. You should be written off as dead, and your apartment should be rented to someone else. Your things should be either sold, or in storage if your family is still holding out hope. You wander through the kitchen in a daze, looking for answers, but you're still surprised when you find them in the form of a letter on your kitchen table. 

"Dear rapebait, 

Good morning! I hope you slept well. Welcome home. True to my word, your life is back to normal. I'll be contacting you within the next few days to inform you of what you've agreed to. In the meantime, you should re-establish your social life. Make sure everyone knows you're home. They're all under the impression, thanks to no small amount of work on my part, that you've been on a long mental health vacation at a spa called New Perspective. You no longer have a job, but my lawyers took your former employer to court for their critical mismanagement that caused your mental health to decline so rapidly in the first place. You now have a tidy settlement to the tune of $15,000 US. It's been sitting in a private savings account in a bank I associate with, gathering aggresive interest. You may withdraw it if you want, but the longer you leave it, the more you'll make. Six more months will double it to $30,000. 

Inform your friends and family that you're home, and feeling much better. Especially Jules, she's been sending you messages three times a week every week since you left. 

Love, Rapist" 

You blink at the paper blankly, processing everything he said. Your life is still.. intact? He must have paid your rent, your bills, everything. He made you disappear for a third of a year, and no one knew any different. No one even suspected you were being held captive. You realize that, if he wanted to kill you, he could have, and would have never faced a consequence for it. The thought makes you shudder. 

You decide a shower will make you feel better. You step into your bathroom and strip in front of the mirror, and you freeze when you see yourself. The word "WHORE" is scarred onto your chest. You touch the letters gingerly. You knew they were there, but the rest of today has made the last few months feel like a bad dream. You had almost convinced yourself nothing happened. You turn around and your heart thuds in your chest as you spot the brand on your ass. It's still fresh, still hurting, but it looks to be healing well. The sight of it makes your knees weak, but, more distressingly, it makes you soaking wet. 

You can't help it. You start rubbing your clit to the sight of your burned and scarred ass. Your free hand pushes against the wall to support you as you start fingerfucking your throbbing cunt. The idea that you're owned, that you're property, is the only thing in your mind as you come to a screaming orgasm in your bathroom. Fluid hits the floor as you squirt all over yourself. Trembling, you remove your fingers from inside of yourself and shakily walk into the shower. 

ONE WEEK LATER 

It took some explaining, but everything was sorted with your loved ones. You stuck with the excuse he gave you, that you were on an extended mental health retreat. You made up some things about a massage therapist who did both excellent deep-tissue massage AND cognitive behavioral therapy. Your family was tearful and happy to see you, your friends insisted on a night out to celebrate your return. It's not that you didn't appreciate it. You just couldn't stop thinking about what he wants from you. You spent the entire week soaking wet with anticipation, and you came to your memories of the past few months every night and morning. 

Finally, after a week of waiting, you get a call from an unknown number. Somehow, you know it's him. You answer eagerly, clutching your phone closely to your face as though proximity to the phone would become proximity to him. "H-hello?" 

His voice doesn't lose any of its power over you when it comes through the tiny speaker of your phone. "Good morning, sweetheart. I hope you've been well. It's time for you to learn what I have planned for you. Meet me here at noon." He rattles off an address, which you scramble to jot down on the back of an old envelope, and then he hangs up. 

When noon rolls around, you show up at the provided address. You weren't sure what to expect, so you had braced yourself for almost anything. What greeted you when you got there was not something you'd prepared yourself for. 

In front of you is a very large building, maybe 20 floors, which is huge for this town. You recognize it, you've driven by it almost every day for the past year and a half. Your old job is only four blocks down the street. It isn't the building itself that surprises you, more his proximity to you. You could have walked down the street and changed your life any day, for years. You're almost angry with yourself that you never did, despite how ridiculous that is. What really stops you in your tracks is the company logo. You recognize it immediately; it's on your ass forever, after all. 

A bird in flight, in the center of a golden circle. 

You swallow the sudden lump of anxiety in your throat and walk in. A pretty little blonde thing is at the reception desk. You walk up and give her your name, and she smiles. "Of course. Mr. Constantine is in meeting room 3 for you." 

Constantine? Is that his name? You nod and walk toward the large oak door with a 3 on it. You open it, and your heart nearly leaps out of your chest when you recognize your rapist. His icy blue eyes stare straight through to your brain, just like always, and you fight a shudder of excitement. He's dressed in a smart suit and tie, and he stands, reaching across the table with a grin to shake your hand. "Good afternoon, sweetheart. I'm glad to see you again." 

You take his hand hesitantly and shake it, unsure of how to act in this new environment. Everything in your brain is screaming at you to get on your knees and open your mouth, but you resist your training for now. Something tells you this isn't that kind of meeting. He gestures at the seats around the expensive-looking mahogany table between you. You choose one close to him and sit. Your shoes scrape against the soft gray carpet, and all you can think about is how nice it would feel against your face as he fucked you into it. You try to stem thoughts such as these, before you stain his nice chairs with your wetness. 

"So, let me formally introduce myself. My name is Perseus Constantine. Yes, my parents had a flair for the dramatic. Most people call me Percy, but you'll call me Sir. I own this company, Peregrine Escapes. I came up with the idea a few years ago to use it as a way to give cooped-up girls like yourself a release. Some girls, you see, and I can always tell which ones they are, are begging to be stolen away in the dead of night and raped until all they can think of doing is serving their rapist. You were one of them." 

Your face flushes with heat and you stammer out a protest, just on reflex. "Shut up." His words echo across the table with hidden intentions buried inside them, and your mouth snaps shut on reflex. He smiles. "Good, glad to see you're still well-trained. I saw you getting lunch at the cafe near here a few months before we met. I saw how this world burdened you, how heavily it weighed on your shoulders. I knew you needed my help. So, I used my assets here at Peregrine to arrange for you to have an extended vacation with us. You see already how your life has improved, don't you?" 

You have to admit that he's right. You don't stress anymore. You don't fret or worry, you don't lay awake anymore wondering what tomorrow will bring. You live every day in the moment, and most of it is spent craving his magnificent cock. You nod slowly. 

He smiles again, and continues. "Good. I will be hiring you on as one of my travel agents. You'll be paid a handsome sum, one that will pay for everything you could possibly want. In return, you'll be assisting me. You see, you're the first graduate of my program. Every other girl picked the first option and went back home to their unfulfilling lives. I keep tabs on them, they're all doing much better now, but I know they spend every day wondering what would have happened had they picked option 2, as you did. As my first graduate, you will help me in my endeavor. You'll help me train subsequent girls, and show them the light so they might be as fulfilled and happy as you are. Sound good?" 

Your mind is racing. He wants you to rape girls with him? He wants you to hold them down while he violates them, the same way he did you? Or worse, maybe he wants you to do some of the raping yourself. You can't ignore the way the thought makes your clit throb. You nod slowly. "Yes, Sir. I would love to." 

He grins, a wolfy smile full of sadistic intent. "Excellent. You start tomorrow. Welcome to Peregrine." 

END OF "THE CABIN"